Added note for See More (#100)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/logs-using.adoc

== Working with Predefined Filters

When the *Quick Filters* list is open, you can select and use predefined log filters.

[NOTE]

> When there are many predefined filters available, you can select *See More* to further filter your results. The *See More* list displays the first five results of the most recent 500 log entries.

Author: ```suggestion
For every result group, the *Quick Filters* list displays the first five results of the most recent 500 log entries. When there are more than 500 entries or the top five values do not represent 100% of total values, a *See More* link for each result group appears. You can click *See More* to open the *Add a Filter* box and set parameters to further filter your results.
```

> 

Reviewer: The NOTE is not 100% accurate. I would rather write:
NOTE:
Quick Filters result list displays-for every result group-the first five results of the most recent 500 log entries.
When there are more than 500 hits or the top 5 values does not represent 100% of total values, a "See More" action for each result group appears. Clicking the "See more" link will open the "Add a Filter" box, and pre-set it to the appropriate parameters.
